˙sıɥʇ pɐǝɹ oʇ ƃuıʎɹʇ ɹoɟ pɹǝu ǝʌıssɐɯ ɐ ǝɹɐ noʎ
2*2=null
Are your shoelaces tied?
Brain the size of a planet and all you want me to do is recite a funny loading message...
Caching internet locally (this may take some time)
Checking the gravitational constant in your locale
Commencing infinite loop (this may take some time)
Counting backwards from infinity
Creating Time-Loop Inversion Field
Creating Universe (this may take some time)
Do you suffer from ADHD? Me neith- oh look a bunny... What was I doing again? Oh, right. Here we go.
Doing something useful...
Exercise: enumerate your shopping list as quickly as possible
I should have had a V8 this morning.
Loading ... Please Wait Attentively (which is what you agreed to in the Terms and Conditions)
Loading completed. Press F13 to continue.
Loading humorous message ... Please Wait
My other load screen is much faster. You should try that one instead.
The program should finish loading in six to eight weeks business weeks.
Please count to 10...
Please don't move...
Please Wait. 640K ought to be enough for anybody
Please Wait. A few bits tried to escape, but we caught them
Please Wait. And dream of faster computers
Please Wait. And enjoy the elevator music
Please Wait. As if you had any other choice
Please Wait. At least you're not on hold
Please Wait. Dig on the 'X' for buried treasure... ARRR!
Please Wait. Don't think of purple hippos
Please Wait. Follow the white rabbit
Please Wait. Go ahead -- hold your breath
Please Wait. Hum something loud while others stare
Please Wait. It's still faster than you could draw it
Please Wait. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain
Please Wait. Take a moment to sign up for our lovely prizes
Please Wait. The architects are still drafting
Please Wait. The bits are breeding
Please Wait. The bits are flowing slowly today
Please Wait. The server is powered by a lemon and two electrodes
Please Wait. We're testing your patience
Please Wait. While a larger software vendor in Seattle takes over the world
Please Wait. While the little elves draw your map
Please Wait. While the satellite moves into position
Please Wait. Why don't you order a sandwich?
Please Wait. Would you like fries with that?
Please Wait. Would you prefer chicken, steak, or tofu?
Please Wait. You're not in Kansas any more
Press Alt+F4 for a quick IQ test
QUIET!!! I'm trying to think here!
RE-calibrating the internet...
Reconfiguring the office coffee machine...
Reticulating splines
Rewinding Magnetic Tape
Scanning your hard drive for credit card details. Please be patient...
Testing data on Timmy... ... ... We're going to need another Timmy.
The internet is full... Please wait...
The last time I tried this the monkey didn't survive. Let's hope it works better this time.
The version I have of this in testing has much funnier load screens.
Time is an illusion. Loading time doubly so.
Waiting for Godot...
Warming up Large Hadron Collider...
We apologise for the fault in the subtitles. Those responsible have been sacked
Working... hey, come back here!
Working... no, just kidding.
Working... So, how are you?
Working... well... you know...
Yes there really are magic elves with an abacus working frantically in here.
Your underwear has conflicted our Database. Please change daily.
